W-21917743 apim relaunch may 11 jh (#355)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/api-scanners.adoc

= API Scanners
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> API scanners connect external API gateways to Anypoint Platform. They discover, catalog, and sync APIs from third‑party platforms into Exchange, apply governance rulesets across gateways, optionally front external endpoints with Flex Gateway, and support guided migrations to bring external APIs under Anypoint management. 

Reviewer: @JennyHajee 

```suggestion
API scanners connect external API gateways to Anypoint Platform, enabling teams to discover, catalog, and sync APIs from third-party platforms directly into Exchange. From there, organizations can enforce governance standards and policies across all connected gateways.
```
